The following files are included in this turnin package:

README                  This file
correct.out             The correct output
docs/p2ocean.pdf        My report on this project
docs/speedup.pdf        Addendum to sp2ocean.pdf.  It discusses speedup and
                        compares the SGI version of OCEAN to the thread version.

thread/                 Pthread translation for SPLASH-2 Ocean
mpi/                    Incorrect MPI translation of for SPLASH-2 Ocean
mpiglobal/              /mpi with an attempt at correcting the problem
                        caused by the use of non-dynamically allocated
                        variables intended to be global.
mtest/                  Small test code verifying the correctness of my
                        MPI definitions of the PARMACS macros.
sgifork/                SGI IRIX 6.4 translation for SPLASH-2 Ocean using
                        Sys V shm and fork. (Stanford's porting, not mine)

Running code:
-------------
The code contained in each of these directories is designed to run on an SGI
Origin 2000.  With a little modification it should possible to run the thread
code on other platforms supporting pthreads.

What follows are directions for compilation and execution of code on an SGI
Origin 2000.

thread
        Go to the thread subdirectory.
        Run "make".
        To execute the program enter OCEAN.
        OCEAN -h will list parameters OCEAN accepts.
        Output should be compared to correct.out for correctness.

mpi
        Go to the mpi subdirectory.
        Run "make".
        To execute the program enter mpirun -np X OCEAN -p X.
        mpirun -np 1 OCEAN -h will list the parameters OCEAN accepts.
        Output should be compared to correct.out for correctness.  You will
        notice that only code executed on a single processor is correct.

mpiglobal
        Go to the mpiglobal subdirectory.
        Run "make".
        To execute the program enter mpirun -np X OCEAN -p X.
        mpirun -np 1 OCEAN -h will list the parameters OCEAN accepts.
        Output should be compared to correct.out for correctness.  You will
        notice that only code aborts prior to completion.  With some
        debugging it may be possible to get it to generate correct output.

mtest
        Go to the mtest subdirectory.
        Run "make".
        To execute the program enter mpirun -np X mtest
        Examination of the slave function in mtest.c will make it obvious
        what the correct output for this program is.

sgifork
        Go to the sgifork subdirectory.
        Run "make".
        To execute the program enter OCEAN.
        OCEAN -h will list parameters OCEAN accepts.
        Output should be compared to correct.out for correctness.
